Document Collective SLIC Functions (#800)
LLNL/axom: src/axom/slic/docs/sphinx/sections/getting_started.rst

prescribe the format of the log messages. These steps are demonstrated in
the following sections.

.. warning::

>    If you forget to initialize Slic, Slic will call ``slic::initialize()``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you do not initialize Slic, Slic will call ``slic::initialize()``,
```

are captured otherwise, the messages are ignored. Since *debug* is the lowest
severity level, all messages will be captured in this case.

.. warning::

>    No messages will be logged if you forget to call ``slic::setLoggingMsgLevel()``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   No messages will be logged if you do not call ``slic::setLoggingMsgLevel()``.
```

   registered with ``slic::setAbortFunction()``. See the `Slic Doxygen API Documentation`_
   for more details.

.. note::

   A subset of SLIC macros are collective operations when used with

>    MPI-aware :ref:`logStream` instances such as :ref:`SynchronizedStream`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   MPI-aware :ref:`LogStream` instances such as :ref:`SynchronizedStream`
```
There may be others I didn't catch.
